Grandfather.
Please allow me to...
make a bow to you...
as your eldest grandson, Eun Cheon.
(Episode 19)
What's happening?
They've been in there for an hour without speaking a word.
What are they doing in there?
My gosh.
What are you up to?
Let's say that you are Soo Man's son for the sake of the argument.
For past 20 years,
you have kept your silence.
Why are you telling me this now?
Grandfather,
for me to make a bow to you...
Don't you address me as your grandfather without my permission.
I needed time to prepare.
What have you been preparing?
When I revealed myself as a son born out of wedlock,
I needed power...
to protect myself and endure the trouble.
As you know, I am...
in charge of eliminating people born out of wedlock.
So I thought about a way...
how I could survive without being eliminated as one of them.
I figured out a way...
and prepared for it.
It took me 20 years.
And are you saying what you prepared deserves my attention?
That's for you to decide, sir.
(Information on Chairman Jang Kook Hwan's Illegal and Legal activities)
(Information on Chairman Jang Kook Hwan's Illegal and Legal Activities)
What an ungrateful, piece of trash.
Are you threatening me now?
Yes, sir.
What a shameless moron.
According to you, I'm your grandfather, and you're my grandson.
Even if you haven't been properly raised without a father,
how dare you threaten me, your grandfather?
Don't you dare...
call me your grandson without my permission, sir.
What?
I will be back tomorrow morning.
Address me as your grandson...
after you accompany me to Cheong A Hospital...
and run a DNA test. It won't be late to address me as your grandson then.
If the DNA result proves that you carry my lineage...
and I change your surname to Jang,
are you going to get rid of this then?
Sir.
If you think I've collected...
all this information...
just to be one of the Jangs for all these years,
don't you think I would be disappointed?
My gosh, look at this jerk.
Then what do you want?
Please give me the shares of Cheong A Bio.
What?
I'm not asking you to just give me a handout.
I plan to pay for them.
You must tell the president of the bank...
to allow me to take out loans.
Are you telling me to come up with the money,
so you can buy the shares?
If you sell part of Cheong A Bio's shares...
15 percent cheaper than its original price,
if possible, I would like to...
buy the entire shares, sir.
In the end,
you want to acquire Cheong A Bio's shares,
so you can take over Daeil Distribution.
What will you do if I don't agree to it?
I will disclose cases...
which the statute of limitation...
has expired to the press.
And for those that haven't expired,
I will hand them over to the prosecution, sir.
Grandfather, it's me.
Put these away for now.
Why are you in Korea right now?
Grandfather.
I came because I had something to tell you.
If you don't hear it today,
I thought you'd be even more furious later.
As the acting chairman and vice chairman,
I have made my first appointment.
I reinstated Yeo Cheon as the vice president of Cheong A Bio.
As it was an urgent matter,
I am reporting this to you after it has taken place. I'm sorry.
Hey, Boo Cheon.
Yes?
Do you want to be...
the vice chairman only for day? Do you want to lose your job?
Grandfather.
Even Seong Man made his first appointment...
after serving as the president for three years.
How dare you appoint a vice president...
on your first day as the vice chairman?
Attorney Kang.
I told you not to keep things from me.
Why didn't you report this to me?
I'm sorry, sir.
My gosh, look at this jerk.
You don't have enough patience to work at the lumber camp.
How dare you coax Boo Cheon to transfer you out?
I want to fire you right this minute.
I'm going to let this slide since you're in the limelight.
For the next three years, the right to appoint employees...
belongs to me! Did you understand?
Yes, sir.
Yeo Cheon.
Take the first flight out of Seoul.
Grandfather.
Sir.
The public has...
its eyes on Cheong A Group's Vice Chairman Jang Boo Cheon
who is competent and a breath of fresh air.
He exercised his right to appoint an employee as the vice chairman.
If you revoke his appointment,
no one...
will follow his decisions...
from this point on.
In addition, when people find out that...
he's just a puppet...
and you have all the reigns of authority,
the reformation of Cheong A...
for disbanding Strategy Team and having President Jang...
to take a step back...
would go up in smoke, sir.
If I let you come back,
can you swear to me that you won't ever cause trouble...
for Cheong A?
Yes, Grandfather.
As long as you don't send me back to the lumber camp,
I will work for Cheong A as if my life depends on it.
I cannot just take your word for it.
There must be a plan to prevent it happening again.
How about welcoming him back...
with the condition of selling all of his shares from Cheong A...
and leave Cheong A...
if Director Jang Yeo Cheon causes trouble again?
Okay.
If you are ready...
to sell your shares and live a life without Cheong A,
stay in Cheong A Bio.
I am, Grandfather.
Thank you for giving me a chance.
Attorney Kang, thank you...
for helping me get out of the lumber camp.
Attorney Kang.
If you hadn't helped me back there,
I would have gone straight to the airport.
It wasn't for you.
I wanted to respect...
Boo Cheon's first order...
whatever it was.
Let's say...
you were lucky.
He's such a show off.
Were you looking for me, Mom?
Yes.
It was your first day.
I'm curious to hear how being a vice chairman was like.
I also wanted to tell you...
how you should be now...
that you're a vice chairman.
In three years,
you'll finish being the acting chairman...
and vice chairman...
and become the official chairman...
of Cheong A Group.
I told you...
I'll take care of it myself.
I'm...
the acting chairman...
with the strongest power...
to even fire Pil Joo.
Lately...
why do you hate Pil Joo so much?
Without him...
I wouldn't have become a vice chairman.
But...
I'm the vice chairman now.
Jang Boo Cheon.
You must remember it.
You...
and Pil Joo too.
(Ms. Han)
The chairman wants you over.
Let's hurry up before Grandfather arrives.
I'm...
going to skip breakfast today.
We're going to celebrate me becoming a vice chairman.
Grandfather...
prohibited me from entering Mooshimjae.
He won't be happy to see me.
Why didn't you tell me?
Why did he do that?
I'll tell you later.
You should go ahead.
Don't worry.
I'll take the responsibility. Let's go.
Mo Hyun.
- Grandfather... - Mom.
If you tell her to leave, I'm going to leave too.
I'll call Mooshimjae and Pil Joo.
What about Grandfather?
He left this morning.
This morning?
Where did he go?
He told me not to tell anyone.
Tell Pil Joo to come.
He went out with Chairman Jang.
Oh, my goodness.
He told me not to say it either.
(Kim Sang Cheol)
(Lee Tae Wan)
I'll wait here.
Bring me the result as soon as it comes out.
You can't tell anyone about this.
- Do you get it? - Yes.
That's why I used assumed names for the blood samples of...
you and Attorney Kang.
Okay. Let's say he and I are here today...
- for a medical checkup. - Yes, sir.
Attorney Kang.
Give me your phone.
You could call someone outside...
and do something weird with the blood sample.
(Power off)
How long is it going to take?
It takes about eight hours, sir.
Okay.
You know well because you've done it a lot.
Mom.
Why is Grandfather doing that to Mo Hyun?
He told her not to enter Mooshimjae.
Grandfather's concerned about...
your position outside.
He...
wants to show that you're happy...
with Congressman Na's daughter.
Don't worry...
we won't make you divorce.
He only forbids her from entering.
Mo Hyun.
I'll drive you today.
Why?
Just because.
I feel like doing that today.
Is it because of Grandfather?
If he was going to do something, he would've done it already.
Nothing happened until now, Boo Cheon.
Grandfather...
changes his mind every minute.
You must always be careful.
Mom.
You're here.
Have you been out today?
No. Why?
The front door was open.
I closed it after Doo Hyun left.
That's weird.
(Mr. Kang Pil Joo)
Sir,
Attorney Kang...
He is your grandson.
Leave us alone for a while.
Yes, sir.
(Cheong A Hospital, DNA Test Results)
(Out of 16 DNA fingerprints, 16 matches.)
Did you stay around Boo Cheon...
intentionally since the car accident?
Sir.
From the moment...
you sent me to jail for Boo Cheon...
to the day I was released,
I had no idea...
that my biological dad belongs to the Jangs.
My foster father...
fell seriously ill,
so I left home with a gangster to make money for his medicine...
and came to meet with Boo Cheon.
It must cost a lot of money.
I remember the day clearly...
as it was Soo Man's memorial day.
Boo Cheon didn't...
take after his dad's cleverness, so I was worried...
and scolded him. Then he left with my car.
Goodness.
Maybe, Soo Man helped me to meet...
both of his sons, you and Boo Cheon.
I guess I should take it that way.
Sir,
I'll give you a day.
I need you to give me an answer...
regarding Cheong A Bio shares I asked for...
before banks open tomorrow morning.
You're unbelievable.
Are you interested only in shares?
Wait,
is this why you made me...
invest my shares in Daeil Distribution?
Please transfer...
some of Cheong A Bio shares you have...
to Daeil Distribution...
that Boo Cheon owns.
That will strike the balance...
of power within Cheong A Bio.
Yeo Cheon manages it...
while Boo Cheon owns it.
Great.
Sir,
it took me 20 years...
for me to make a bow to you...
as Eun Cheon.
Does that imply...
that you could've done anything...
during that period?
Is there any progress with Alzheimer's medicine?
To release the Alzheimer's antibody medicine...
to the market by 2020,
we're making our utmost efforts.
The market size...
of the Alzheimer's medicine...
Don't worry, Mr. Lee.
Vice President Jang and we are...
on the same side now.
Please go on, Mr. Lee.
I will.
The market currently involves 400 million dollars.
However, it's expected to grow up to 1.4 billion dollars.
Attorney Kang left with the chairman.
Goodness.
I was told not to tell anyone about this either.
Thank you.
Let's call it a day.
Okay.
Boo Cheon,
are you all right? What's the matter?
Well...
There's something that bothers me.
Pil Joo left home early in the morning with Grandfather,
and he kept their destination secret.
He doesn't answer my phone calls either.
Pil Joo is someone...
who never does useless things.
This is what my dad says...
whenever we talk about Pil Joo.
What kind of scheme are you up to this time, Pil Joo?
Boo Cheon,
you didn't forget...
my advice that Pil Joo might dislodge you to take your post,
did you?
We need to draw up a plan to get rid of Pil Joo.
Actually, I have an idea...
Why are you all eyes?
Yeo Cheon,
if I have to take care of Pil Joo in the end,
I'm the one who decides...
how and when...
to do so.
I need your help...
only when I ask you for it.
Understood?
Well, Boo Cheon...
I got it.
I'll give you full support when you're ready with your plan.
What brings you here?
I pestered your dad to come here with me...
because I wanted to see you working here again.
And looking at you in your office,
I feel relieved.
Come on, Mom.
You know this is where I belong.
I went to the farm just to make some brownie points with Grandfather.
Do not reveal your intention...
and just do as Boo Cheon wants for a while.
You know how emotional Boo Cheon is.
Talk up everything he does,
then he'll willingly give you anything.
Try to hold on a little longer.
There's even no need to do so.
Boo Cheon is...
so feeble-minded...
that he's easy to deal with.
I need you to visit Ms. Han...
and see what's going on in Mooshimjae.
Okay.
(Pulipchae)
So...
Father just gave Yeo Cheon a short scolding,
right?
It is.
I guess he was happy to see Boo Cheon and Yeo Cheon...
who had been in rivalry all the time.
Or...
Attorney Kang skillfully arbitrated between them.
See you later.
How is it?
I like it, but the chef must taste it too.
This is good.
It's convenient. It's easy to cook on the spot.
What brings you here?
I came here to pay you my gratitude.
Thank you so much for bringing Yeo Cheon...
back to Korea.
He's young.
I couldn't let him rot in a place like that.
Since Boo Cheon got scolded for bringing him back to Korea,
tell him...
to help Boo Cheon the best he can...
from now on.
I've been telling him so whenever I see him.
I told him to stay loyal to the vice chairman.
(Mooshimwon)
Sir.
I will see you tomorrow then.
Chairman Jang...
doesn't look well. What's going on?
Please help him get ready for bed.
I don't think he had a wink of sleep last night.
What are you doing out there? Come inside, and spread the bedding.
(Secretary Ahn)
[VIU Ver] E19 Money Flower "Let's Go Together"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Where did you go...
with Chairman Jang?
He went for his medical checkup.
I believe he already had one only recently.
Boo Cheon...
brought Yeo Cheon back behind your back.
From now on, there will be more things...
that I won't know.
That cannot be.
Boo Cheon.
He still needs your help.
If you give Boo Cheon free rein,
all three of us might face problems.
You must take care of Boo Cheon...
as you keep...
a close watch on him for the time being.
Okay?
Pil Joo.
To reward you...
helping Boo Cheon become the vice chairman,
I want to give you shares of Daeil Distribution. What do you think?
Since both of us worked for this,
I can give you half of my shares.
Seeing how surprised you are about my reward...
makes me...
very happy.
I am the only one...
who gave you this much money to you...
in your life, right?
Yes, ma'am.
Figure out a way how you're going to take them from me.
I will.
Tell me.
Is my reward...
beyond your imagination?
Yes, ma'am.
It is truly...
beyond my imagination.
Did you look into Pil Joo?
Yes.
Secretary Oh.
Do you know why...
Pil Joo is trying to make me...
the chairman instead of Yeo Cheon?
It's because I'm an easier target than Yeo Cheon...
since I don't have a father.
Lately,
I've been thinking a lot...
what his intention could be.
After he helps me become the chairman,
he will reveal himself as Jang Eun Cheon and push me out,
so he can become the chairman himself.
That's why...
he's keeping quiet that I'm not a Jang and waiting for his time.
When he pushes me out,
he's going to reveal that secret.
Secretary Oh.
I am not going to lose out to Pil Joo.
I'm going to protect my chairmanship.
Mark my words.
(Cheong A Bio)
("Cheong A Bio Increases Investment")
Pil Joo.
In which team do you want to work when Strategy Team is disbanded?
I visited Dr. Hwang today...
with your grandfather.
I was escorting him for the medical checkup.
You came here because you were curious.
You wanted to know...
where we went.
You got me.
But why didn't you answer your phone?
There are two people who make me sad when they don't answer my call.
They are you and Mo Hyun.
Let me go back to my first question.
So in which team do you want to work?
After Strategy Team is disbanded.
- Should I work in Cheong A Bio? - I'd love that.
Hey,
how about working at the New York Bio Research Center?
Strike while the iron is still hot.
Let's settle that you will go to New York next month.
I'll think about it.
Ms. Na.
I heard what happened...
in Mooshimjae.
Don't do that next time.
If you provoke Chairman Jang,
it will only make your life harder.
I'm going to...
hand in the recording to the police.
- Are you sure? - Nothing is stopping me.
Even Grandfather told me to do so.
It never occurred to you...
that it's possible for Chairman Jang...
to know that your father...
is alive, correct?
I...
always think of that possibility.
Since Congressman Na is alive,
you can only report it as attempted instigation...
to commit suicide.
If you do,
you will be revealing to the public...
that Congressman Na is alive.
It's possible that Chairman Jang...
could have taken everything into account...
and told you on purpose...
to take it to the police.
Mo Hyun.
I'll take you. Let's go.
Pil Joo,
I got a call from the person in charge of the New York center.
They want you to come earlier than planned.
I told them that...
when you go this time, you'll be able to stay there...
for five years, just like I did.
Ma'am.
I got Attorney Kang's signature...
for the contract...
on the Daeil Distribution stock you promised him.
(Daeil Distribution Stock Transfer Contract)
Upload the articles on Chairman Jang.
Really?
The appointed time was when the bank office hours started.
The appointed time...
is over.
All right.
I'll send some to the internet newspapers.
Are you deleting all the articles that Pil Joo is uploading?
Yes, sir.
The news on the portals won't even be uploaded.
As for the rest, the online team I've recruited...
is doing its job.
But sir,
I don't understand...
why Attorney Kang would dare do this.
I went too easy on him. He's become bold.
I want to make sure he learns a lesson this time.
Pil Joo, the articles that we upload...
don't last seconds before they're all deleted.
Chairman Jang must have recruited an online team for this.
We're outnumbered.
How about Reporter Ma from Taesan Daily...
and the major newspaper companies?
Don't forget Jang Yeo Cheon's father-in-law,
Chairman Lee of Hanmin Daily.
He called the other owners of newspaper companies...
to get rid of any articles concerning Chairman Jang.
No one will dare risk their lives and write articles...
when the company's owner is against it.
I think...
we failed this time.
(Honorary Chairman Jang Kook Hwan)
Yes, sir.
Are you going to cause trouble with these articles again?
I have a Plan B, Chairman Jang.
You've already lost.
What is your Plan B?
You can come back and bring it to me.
I will. Soon,
I will start working on Plan B.
Sir,
I hope you don't regret this.
Attorney Kang,
has Congressman Na that you took...
opened his eyes or something?
It's not like people at Taesan Hospital are all on your side.
Where did you move him...
from the house he was staying at?
I don't care if he opens his eyes.
But...
he cannot open his mouth.
You know that well enough.
(Mo Hyun)
Sir.
I've heard from Pil Joo.
I'm prepared for this.
But...
you still won't be able to cope with this.
Everyone else knows.
It'll be better than this situation where I'm the only one not knowing.
Attorney Kang...
didn't tell you anything about your father?
Pil Joo had to get close to Father,
so he planned that Boo Cheon and I would meet.
That's what I heard.
Attorney Kang...
did get to Congressman Na.
But Mo Hyun,
before you and Boo Cheon met,
your father and Executive Jung met...
and discussed about...
how you two should meet...
as if it were a coincidence.
Congressman Na wasn't sure about it.
He thought about it for days...
and agreed to become the Chief Campaigner.
That was how...
he sent the signal to Cheong A...
that he was going to accept.
He really...
wanted to become a president.
That's all there is...
to the truth of Congressman Na.
He met Cheong A Group...
like fate...
in order to fulfill his dream.
But it became difficult for his dream to become true,
so he let go of his dream...
and his life.
You should break up with Boo Cheon...
and leave Cheong A.
Tell me when you've made up...
your mind.
I...
will be your attorney.
Pastor.
Chairman Jang knows that Congressman Na is...
alive.
Then...
isn't it dangerous to have him at his home?
It's still safer to stay there.
He may get exposed the moment we try to transfer him.
I think I should accompany you for a while...
when you go check Congressman Na.
(Email from Jang Boo Cheon)
(Dear Pil Joo.)
Pil Joo. Pick the house you like...
when you go work in New York.
I'll pay for it.
It doesn't matter how expensive it is.
Pil Joo.
- Have you read my email? - Yes. Just now.
A mansion's better than a house for someone who lives alone like you.
It's such a hassle to clean up snow with a house in winter.
I've thought about your date of departure.
List Daeil Distribution.
Finish donating the fund to the foundation.
Then leave after a week of break. How's that sound?
(Mo Hyun)
Hi. Mo Hyun.
Mo Hyun.
I met Aide Yang today.
The fact that my father was positive about our marriage.
And the amount of money he received from Cheong A.
I found all about it.
I...
was sold for money.
I'll never forget the truth...
that you really loved me.
Mo Hyun.
It was hard to understand...
that you had no choice but to live with Yoon Seo Won in New York...
for Ha Jung,
but...
while living with you in New York,
I was happy.
Mo Hyun. Please.
Let's stop struggling...
in the net...
that Pil Joo, Mother, and Dad...
created.
I'll...
rip that net.
Please...
give me one more chance.
(Recording files)
If you could...
cut the ties with this world...
embracing all these matters,
I'll take care of...
Mo Hyun and your grandchild...
since I still have ties left.
I'm sorry, Mo Hyun.
I'm...
really sorry.
No matter how much I apologize,
what my grandfather did would not disappear,
but I'm really sorry.
Let's not take it to the court.
Let's divorce by consent.
Give me half of your fortune...
that increased after the marriage...
as alimony.
I told Mother to pay me for the fake marriage.
Mother,
Grandfather,
and even my dad...
made us get married for money in the end.
From this,
I realized that I must have money to win those...
who try to control other people's lives with money.
Let's tell Mother tomorrow.
I'll move out after telling Mother.
Mo Hyun.
Since you want it,
I'll think about the divorce.
But...
if...
I can never break up with you,
then...
please turn back to me.
Please.
Mo Hyun.
Congratulations...
on Boo Cheon becoming the vice chairman.
- Thank you. - Mal Ran.
You should...
chuck out Pil Joo now.
It's about time now.
He did most of the work...
to get here.
He'll...
continue to work for Boo Cheon.
It wasn't easy to bring it up because I'm well aware...
how much you like him.
Boo Cheon is my nephew.
I thought I should tell you this...
even if you kick me out...
for my late brother's sake.
It's always the best to prevent anything before happening.
What are you worried about?
There are me, Yeo Cheon...
and you.
You must get rid of a ladder called Kang Pil Joo...
to make Boo Cheon shine more at the top.
Ms. Na.
I said...
that I came back to Mooshimwon to find out the truth...
that I didn't know about my dad.
I met Aide Yang today...
and heard everything.
So I'm leaving Mooshimwon.
You said you'll be my divorce lawyer.
If I can't divorce Boo Cheon by consent,
please proceed with a lawsuit.
I know...
you took advantage of me to get revenge for your brother...
whom you lost...
in the water.
I might not be able to forgive you...
even after many years.
No matter how hard you try to deny,
I know how much...
you love me.
So I want to say,
"Pil Joo,"
"forget everything here..."
"and just leave with me."
However,
I cannot fully understand...
the dire time...
and pain...
the boy...
who walked into the water had,
so I couldn't dare to tell you...
to give up on your revenge...
and leave with me.
So I'm leaving you...
behind at Mooshimwon.
(Money Flower)